docs: clarify plugins don't update devtools timeline (#1002)
posva/pinia: packages/docs/core-concepts/plugins.md

})
```

> State changes that occur within a plugin are not recorded in the devtools timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that state changes or additions that occur within a plugin (that includes calling `store.$patch()`) happen before the store is active and therefore **do not trigger any subscriptions**.
```

})
```

:::info

> State changes that occur within a plugin are not recorded in the devtools timeline.

Reviewer: let's move it above the warning and remove the :::info.
